tiger, cat
tiger, tiger
plane, car
train, car
television, radio
media, radio
bread, butter
cucumber, potato
doctor, nurse
professor, doctor
student, professor
smart, stupid
wood, forest
money, cash
king, queen
king, rook
bishop, rabbi
fuck, sex
football, soccer
football, basketball
football, tennis
Arafat, Jackson
physics, chemistry
vodka, gin
vodka, brandy
drink, eat
car, automobile
gem, jewel
journey, voyage
boy, lad
coast, shore
asylum, madhouse
magician, wizard
midday, noon
furnace, stove
food, fruit
bird, cock
bird, crane
food, rooster
money, dollar
money, currency
tiger, jaguar
tiger, feline
tiger, carnivore
tiger, mammal
tiger, animal
tiger, organism
tiger, fauna
psychology, psychiatry
psychology, science
psychology, discipline
planet, star
planet, moon
planet, sun
precedent, example
precedent, antecedent
cup, tableware
cup, artifact
cup, object
cup, entity
jaguar, cat
jaguar, car
mile, kilometer
skin, eye
Japanese, American
century, year
announcement, news
doctor, personnel
Harvard, Yale
hospital, infrastructure
life, death
travel, activity
type, kind
street, place
street, avenue
street, block
cell, phone
dividend, payment
calculation, computation
profit, loss
dollar, yen
dollar, buck
phone, equipment
liquid, water
marathon, sprint
seafood, food
seafood, lobster
lobster, food
lobster, wine
championship, tournament
man, woman
man, governor
murder, manslaughter
opera, performance
Mexico, Brazil
glass, metal
aluminum, metal
rock, jazz
museum, theater
shower, thunderstorm
monk, oracle
cup, food
journal, association
street, children
car, flight
space, chemistry
situation, conclusion
word, similarity
peace, plan
consumer, energy
ministry, culture
smart, student
investigation, effort
image, surface
life, term
start, match
computer, news
board, recommendation
lad, brother
observation, architecture
coast, hill
deployment, departure
benchmark, index
attempt, peace
consumer, confidence
start, year
focus, life
development, issue
theater, history
situation, isolation
profit, warning
media, trading
chance, credibility
precedent, information
architecture, century
population, development
stock, live
peace, atmosphere
morality, marriage
minority, peace
atmosphere, landscape
report, gain
music, project
seven, series
experience, music
school, center
five, month
announcement, production
morality, importance
money, operation
delay, news
governor, interview
practice, institution
century, nation
coast, forest
shore, woodland
drink, car
president, medal
prejudice, recognition
viewer, serial
peace, insurance
Mars, water
media, gain
precedent, cognition
announcement, effort
line, insurance
crane, implement
drink, mother
opera, industry
volunteer, motto
listing, proximity
precedent, collection
cup, article
sign, recess
problem, airport
reason, hypertension
direction, combination
Wednesday, news
glass, magician
cemetery, woodland
possibility, girl
cup, substance
forest, graveyard
stock, egg
month, hotel
energy, secretary
precedent, group
production, hike
stock, phone
holy, sex
stock, CD
drink, ear
delay, racism
stock, life
stock, jaguar
monk, slave
lad, wizard
sugar, approach
rooster, voyage
noon, string
chord, smile
professor, cucumber
king, cabbage
