computer, keyboard
Jerusalem, Israel
planet, galaxy
canyon, landscape
OPEC, country
day, summer
day, dawn
country, citizen
planet, people
environment, ecology
Maradona, football
OPEC, oil
money, bank
computer, software
law, lawyer
weather, forecast
network, hardware
nature, environment
FBI, investigation
money, wealth
psychology, Freud
news, report
war, troops
physics, proton
bank, money
stock, market
planet, constellation
credit, card
hotel, reservation
closet, clothes
soap, opera
planet, astronomer
planet, space
movie, theater
treatment, recovery
baby, mother
money, deposit
television, film
psychology, mind
game, team
admission, ticket
Jerusalem, Palestinian
Arafat, terror
boxing, round
computer, internet
money, property
tennis, racket
telephone, communication
currency, market
psychology, cognition
seafood, sea
book, paper
book, library
psychology, depression
fighting, defeating
movie, star
hundred, percent
dollar, profit
money, possession
cup, drink
psychology, health
summer, drought
investor, earning
company, stock
stroke, hospital
liability, insurance
game, victory
psychology, anxiety
game, defeat
FBI, fingerprint
money, withdrawal
psychology, fear
drug, abuse
concert, virtuoso
computer, laboratory
love, sex
problem, challenge
movie, critic
Arafat, peace
bed, closet
lawyer, evidence
fertility, egg
precedent, law
minister, party
psychology, clinic
cup, coffee
water, seepage
government, crisis
space, world
dividend, calculation
victim, emergency
luxury, car
tool, implement
competition, price
psychology, doctor
gender, equality
listing, category
video, archive
oil, stock
governor, office
discovery, space
record, number
brother, monk
production, crew
nature, man
family, planning
disaster, area
food, preparation
preservation, world
movie, popcorn
lover, quarrel
game, series
dollar, loss
weapon, secret
shower, flood
registration, arrangement
arrival, hotel
announcement, warning
game, round
baseball, season
drink, mouth
life, lesson
grocery, money
energy, crisis
reason, criterion
equipment, maker
cup, liquid
deployment, withdrawal
tiger, zoo
journey, car
money, laundering
summer, nature
decoration, valor
Mars, scientist
alcohol, chemistry
disability, death
change, attitude
arrangement, accommodation
territory, surface
size, prominence
exhibit, memorabilia
credit, information
territory, kilometer
death, row
doctor, liability
impartiality, interest
energy, laboratory
secretary, senate
death, inmate
monk, oracle
cup, food
journal, association
street, children
car, flight
space, chemistry
situation, conclusion
word, similarity
peace, plan
consumer, energy
ministry, culture
smart, student
investigation, effort
image, surface
life, term
start, match
computer, news
board, recommendation
lad, brother
observation, architecture
coast, hill
deployment, departure
benchmark, index
attempt, peace
consumer, confidence
start, year
focus, life
development, issue
theater, history
situation, isolation
profit, warning
media, trading
chance, credibility
precedent, information
architecture, century
population, development
stock, live
peace, atmosphere
morality, marriage
minority, peace
atmosphere, landscape
report, gain
music, project
seven, series
experience, music
school, center
five, month
announcement, production
morality, importance
money, operation
delay, news
governor, interview
practice, institution
century, nation
coast, forest
shore, woodland
drink, car
president, medal
prejudice, recognition
viewer, serial
peace, insurance
Mars, water
media, gain
precedent, cognition
announcement, effort
line, insurance
crane, implement
drink, mother
opera, industry
volunteer, motto
listing, proximity
precedent, collection
cup, article
sign, recess
problem, airport
reason, hypertension
direction, combination
Wednesday, news
glass, magician
cemetery, woodland
possibility, girl
cup, substance
forest, graveyard
stock, egg
month, hotel
energy, secretary
precedent, group
production, hike
stock, phone
holy, sex
stock, CD
drink, ear
delay, racism
stock, life
stock, jaguar
monk, slave
lad, wizard
sugar, approach
rooster, voyage
noon, string
chord, smile
professor, cucumber
king, cabbage
