love, sex
tiger, cat
tiger, tiger
book, paper
computer, keyboard
computer, internet
plane, car
train, car
telephone, communication
television, radio
media, radio
drug, abuse
bread, butter
cucumber, potato
doctor, nurse
professor, doctor
student, professor
smart, student
smart, stupid
company, stock
stock, market
stock, phone
stock, CD
stock, jaguar
stock, egg
fertility, egg
stock, live
stock, life
book, library
bank, money
wood, forest
money, cash
professor, cucumber
king, cabbage
king, queen
king, rook
bishop, rabbi
Jerusalem, Israel
Jerusalem, Palestinian
holy, sex
fuck, sex
Maradona, football
football, soccer
football, basketball
football, tennis
tennis, racket
Arafat, peace
Arafat, terror
Arafat, Jackson
law, lawyer
movie, star
movie, popcorn
movie, critic
movie, theater
physics, proton
physics, chemistry
space, chemistry
alcohol, chemistry
vodka, gin
vodka, brandy
drink, car
drink, ear
drink, mouth
drink, eat
baby, mother
drink, mother
car, automobile
gem, jewel
journey, voyage
boy, lad
coast, shore
asylum, madhouse
magician, wizard
midday, noon
furnace, stove
food, fruit
bird, cock
bird, crane
tool, implement
brother, monk
crane, implement
lad, brother
journey, car
monk, oracle
cemetery, woodland
food, rooster
coast, hill
forest, graveyard
shore, woodland
monk, slave
coast, forest
lad, wizard
chord, smile
glass, magician
noon, string
rooster, voyage
money, dollar
money, currency
money, wealth
money, property
money, possession
money, bank
money, deposit
money, withdrawal
money, laundering
money, operation
tiger, jaguar
tiger, feline
tiger, carnivore
tiger, mammal
tiger, animal
tiger, organism
tiger, fauna
tiger, zoo
psychology, psychiatry
psychology, anxiety
psychology, fear
psychology, depression
psychology, clinic
psychology, doctor
psychology, Freud
psychology, mind
psychology, health
psychology, science
psychology, discipline
psychology, cognition
planet, star
planet, constellation
planet, moon
planet, sun
planet, galaxy
planet, space
planet, astronomer
precedent, example
precedent, information
precedent, cognition
precedent, law
precedent, collection
precedent, group
precedent, antecedent
cup, coffee
cup, tableware
cup, article
cup, artifact
cup, object
cup, entity
cup, drink
cup, food
cup, substance
cup, liquid
jaguar, cat
jaguar, car
energy, secretary
secretary, senate
energy, laboratory
computer, laboratory
weapon, secret
FBI, fingerprint
FBI, investigation
investigation, effort
Mars, water
Mars, scientist
news, report
canyon, landscape
image, surface
discovery, space
water, seepage
sign, recess
Wednesday, news
mile, kilometer
computer, news
territory, surface
atmosphere, landscape
president, medal
war, troops
record, number
skin, eye
Japanese, American
theater, history
volunteer, motto
prejudice, recognition
decoration, valor
century, year
century, nation
delay, racism
delay, news
minister, party
peace, plan
minority, peace
attempt, peace
government, crisis
deployment, departure
deployment, withdrawal
energy, crisis
announcement, news
announcement, effort
stroke, hospital
disability, death
victim, emergency
treatment, recovery
journal, association
doctor, personnel
doctor, liability
liability, insurance
school, center
reason, hypertension
reason, criterion
hundred, percent
Harvard, Yale
hospital, infrastructure
death, row
death, inmate
lawyer, evidence
life, death
life, term
word, similarity
board, recommendation
governor, interview
OPEC, country
peace, atmosphere
peace, insurance
territory, kilometer
travel, activity
competition, price
consumer, confidence
consumer, energy
problem, airport
car, flight
credit, card
credit, information
hotel, reservation
grocery, money
registration, arrangement
arrangement, accommodation
month, hotel
type, kind
arrival, hotel
bed, closet
closet, clothes
situation, conclusion
situation, isolation
impartiality, interest
direction, combination
street, place
street, avenue
street, block
street, children
listing, proximity
listing, category
cell, phone
production, hike
benchmark, index
media, trading
media, gain
dividend, payment
dividend, calculation
calculation, computation
currency, market
OPEC, oil
oil, stock
announcement, production
announcement, warning
profit, warning
profit, loss
dollar, yen
dollar, buck
dollar, profit
dollar, loss
computer, software
network, hardware
phone, equipment
equipment, maker
luxury, car
five, month
report, gain
investor, earning
liquid, water
baseball, season
game, victory
game, team
marathon, sprint
game, series
game, defeat
seven, series
seafood, sea
seafood, food
seafood, lobster
lobster, food
lobster, wine
food, preparation
video, archive
start, year
start, match
game, round
boxing, round
championship, tournament
fighting, defeating
line, insurance
day, summer
summer, drought
summer, nature
day, dawn
nature, environment
environment, ecology
nature, man
man, woman
man, governor
murder, manslaughter
soap, opera
opera, performance
life, lesson
focus, life
production, crew
television, film
lover, quarrel
viewer, serial
possibility, girl
population, development
morality, importance
morality, marriage
Mexico, Brazil
gender, equality
change, attitude
family, planning
opera, industry
sugar, approach
practice, institution
ministry, culture
problem, challenge
size, prominence
country, citizen
planet, people
development, issue
experience, music
music, project
glass, metal
aluminum, metal
chance, credibility
exhibit, memorabilia
concert, virtuoso
rock, jazz
museum, theater
observation, architecture
space, world
preservation, world
admission, ticket
shower, thunderstorm
shower, flood
weather, forecast
disaster, area
governor, office
architecture, century
